MakeMe is an additive manufacturing marketplace where we connect makers with 3D printing capabilities to clients looking to get an object printed with a 3D printer. Clients can either select an existing 3D model to be printed or upload their own 3D model. Existing 3D models are posted by makers where they include the Name, Description, 3D files and the price it costs for clients to engage them for printing.

If a client uploads their own 3D model, the system will use its own algorithm that checks the amount of material needed to print the 3D model taking into account the amount of support structure required to be printed which also takes up material. The upload is accompanied by the client entering their requirements such as material, color, and detailed instructions (if any).

After selecting an existing 3D object or uploading their own 3D object, the client then proceeds to make an initial payment. For existing 3D objects, the price is fixed by the maker. For new uploads by the client, the price generated by the algorithm is only an estimate, and the uploaded 3D model by the client will become a tentative order for any makers to accept. If the original maker that posted the 3D model cannot print the order made by the client, the price becomes an estimated price, which also becomes a tentative order pending for other makers to accept.

For the tentative order, which will be visible to makers after payment, makers will be able to browse through the details and decide whether to accept the order with the proposed price by the algorithm, counter-propose a higher price, or reject the order. Multiple makers may counter-propose higher prices, but as long as one maker accepts the order at its initial estimated price, the order is accepted and to be fulfilled by the accepting maker. If no maker accepts the order, the client at any point may review all counter-proposed prices and decide whether to accept the counter-proposed price. If they accept a counter-proposed price, they will make another payment to pay for the remaining difference.

The maker proceeds to print the 3D object and updates the order status from "Accepted" to "Printing" to "Packaging" to "Shipped" to "Awaiting Delivery," and finally, the client will mark the order status to "Received" and "Completed" for successful orders or "Disputed" if the client wishes to raise a dispute. In the event of a disputed order due to quality issues, MakeMe admin will manually intervene and conduct a manual investigation.

Once the order has been paid, the user will not be able to cancel unless they call the MakeMe refund hotline to manually cancel, and this is evaluated by the client to determine whether the cancellation is valid. Shipping fees are determined by the Makers, and that can include in the order for the client to pay for.

There are no restrictions on the type of 3D models that can be uploaded or printed. It will be through a review system to ensure that makers have the necessary expertise and equipment to produce high-quality 3D prints.
